they are all positive memories and maybe
of the best memories I've had
in my career and in my life, earn by
first time the world cup for our country
It was fantastic and something we will not forget
never
good one when it comes always tries to
play as many minutes
can and in that I'm trying to train
to my best level and to take advantage of
opportunities to have a role
most important in this in this selection
which is quite difficult because there
many players
it's been five months very good for me
since I arrived in Manchester the player
I enjoyed regularly I can
make goals and give assists and good is
what I have to try to do as
offensive player I am and what
I always try to do also here in
the selection
Well, I think because of the characteristics
of the players that we have
we like to play with the ball and
have the possession of the ball to create
occasions and I think that knowing each other
also in carrying so many years playing
together most of us do that
we are a team that plays as
practically with an almost
memory
Well, you have to think about Brazil when
we think of the best team in history
which is the one that more world has but
yes it is true that nobody has done that
sequence of victories with world and
eurocopas and we could continue doing
story you have to enjoy the moment
I hope we can say that one day
we are the best in history
of course brazil that is the
organizer and good for the capacity that
it has a staff I think they can win
and then the elections that are always
competing in argentina italy france
germany holland i think england
I can also try
Uruguay will be complicated good
many selections with level
good the players present always
they are very talented players
maybe the greatest number of players in
first level that has come out in football
have come from Brazil are a country that
historically they have led football in
the blood and they are in that selection
of them like many others who have
that Brazilian talent and that makes them be
different and that's why they are the country that
world has won
it's complicated to choose because every
season they overcome each other and they
they demand maybe the last season
Christian has been at a better level and
has been more regular but in the past
Messi years has also been a level of
another planet I do not believe that they two and their
competitiveness make football good
I would like that some Spanish I
would like for example that andré iniesta
keep screaming at the world with football
what's inside and hopefully we can
win and one of ours is also
the best of the tournament
yes I think they have a very good
generation of players of 20 22 23 years
that maybe they have not played any world
but that in the premier already has many
parties and have level experience and
I believe that
that's not a coach that gives confidence
to young people and that surely that
makes it perform better
well that happened with Spain too and
we get to change the story and I think
that they can do it they have great
players and for example my partner
wayne rooney I think he's a player
world class that can take them to the
triumph
well I do not know him personally
obviously
I know when I was little and I was
in barcelona then it was the bayern of
Munich and has always won titles is a
coach who has always been a winner and
seems very demanding and hopefully in this
new stage in which the club is and in
the one that we are all the players we
bring triumphs and successes for the
manchester united
Well, I've been collaborating with them
you already several years and I feel very
proud to be able to contribute my granite
arena in every act and in every event what
you do especially helping children who
I think it 's the most important thing in the
future of this world and try to
help those who can not
relate to others that no
they have sufficient means to live
Normally, it fills me with pride
I stayed with the effort of the
people who work in the center
We visited Luis Figo and today with the
people who dedicate their lives to others and
will help in this case autistic children who
they can not relate to normal
with the other children and those people who
try to improve your relationships and that
try to help them left me shocked and
It makes me feel happy and proud of
them and what they do